What is XML?
XML stands for extensible Markup Language
XML is a markup language much like HTML
XML was designed to store and transport data
XML was designed to be self-descriptive
It is mainly used in webpages, where the data has a specific structure and is understood dynamically by the XML framework

The Difference Between XML and HTML 
•	XML was designed to carry data - with focus on what data is
•	HTML was designed to display data - with focus on how data looks
•	XML tags are not predefined like HTML tags are
XML is Extensible
 Most XML applications will work as expected even if new data is added (or removed).
Imagine an application designed to display the original version of note.xml (<to> <from> <heading> <body>).
Then imagine a newer version of note.xml with added <date> and <hour> elements, and a removed <heading>.
The way XML is constructed, older version of the application can still work:
XML Simplifies Things
•	It simplifies data sharing
•	It simplifies data transport
•	It simplifies platform changes
•	It simplifies data availability
Many computer systems contain data in incompatible formats. Exchanging data between incompatible systems (or upgraded systems) is a time-consuming task for web developers. Large amounts of data must be converted, and incompatible data is often lost.
XML stores data in plain text format. This provides a software- and hardware-independent way of storing, transporting, and sharing data.
XML also makes it easier to expand or upgrade to new operating systems, new applications, or new browsers, without losing data.
With XML, data can be available to all kinds of "reading machines" like people, computers, voice machines, news feeds, etc.
 Xml---->over Internet---->xml (at receiver) -->convert to object, Extract data, modify data using programming language--->write the modified version to xml---> send it to original sender (over internet)

Python and XML (to operate on XML) :

Library: 
Import xml. etree.ElementTree as ET 
import xml.dom.minidom
from xml.dom.minidom import Node
